hey guys back out with a new video on
the blackberry that's one I'm going to
show you a little application that i
downloaded off the web their blackberry
alerts and it's an alert log for
messages phone calls emails all sorts of
stuff so once we're in it we can go to
the options and we want to assign colors
so here we get to choose what colors we
want to be represented for missed call
missed SMS with email miss pin message
voicemail or if a reminder pops up and
we're talking about this color right
here
now if you can see that
keeps changing colors every time I
flashes it's a different color for me
it's very clear on the camera see if I
can turn my light up that will help a
little bit
but you get the idea
put the light catch up and you can
change the time of the flash pause time
colormode and do custom colors
up to three custom colors once you have
everything set you can even just test it
before you do it
it save
and it does it in it it'll do what you
want I just have mine on the rainbow
because I don't get a lot of mixed
messages or missed messages and we
really get text messages and
for that
I have the Transformers transforming
sound
I can find it for him
Oh
how's that my ringtone
something
another great ringtone that I have on
here
can't go wrong with this one all right
go canucks go that's what I gotta say
for today peace out everyone thanks for
watching comment rate subscribe